Andy
Warhol
was
an
American
artist.
He
was in
the
limelight
of the
pop
art
movement
in the
1960s
and
1970s.
Warhol
once
said
that
everybody
will
be
famous
for
minutes.
And
he
said
this
long
before
the
arrival
of
social
media
and
YouTube.
Today.
You
can
do
anything
to
become
famous.
Just
look at
the
Kardashian
family.
Reality
television
made
the
Kardashians
famous
for
just
being
themselves.
It
helps
that
nearly
every
member
of the
family
seems
to
like
being
in
front
of the
camera.
They
enjoy
being
in the
spotlight.
And
they
have been
in the
limelight
for a
lot
longer
than
minutes.
They
have
become
household
names.
This
term
means
exactly
as it
sounds.
Names
that are
well
known
in
many
households.
In
other
words,
they
are
very
famous.
But
enough
of the
Kardashians.
Let's
go
back
to
those
terms.
Both
limelight
and
spotlight
come
from
the
world
of
theatre.
Spotlight
is
easy
to
understand.
Spotlights
are the
bright
lights
used
in a
theatrical
production.
They
shine
light
on the
most
important
action
in a
play.
It
is
where
people
should be
looking.
For
the
history
of
limelight,
we
turn
to the
Merriam-Webster
online
dictionary.
Its
explanation
is
more
interesting.
A
limelight
is a
lighting
instrument.
It
was
used
in
theaters
to
light the
front
of the
stage.
The
light
came
from a
fire.
The
fire
was
directed
at a
box
filled
with
the
mineral
lime.
Then
a
lens,
piece
of
glass
would
concentrate
the
brightness,
making
the
light
more
intense.
Merriam-webster
notes
that
Thomas
Drummond,
an
engineer,
invented
limelight
in
1816.
He
wanted
to
make
boating
safer
by
lighting
dark
coastlines.
But
Limelight
was
too
dangerous
to
be
used
in
lighthouses.
In
fact,
it
is
a
wonder
that
more
of
those
early
theaters
equipped
with
Limelight
did
not
burn
to the
ground.
When
used
as a
noun,
limelight
and
spotlight
are
interchangeable.
One
word
can be
used
in
place
of the
other.
However,
spotlight
is
probably
the more
common
term.
The
big
difference
is
that
English
speakers
use
Spotlight
as
both
a
noun
and
a
verb.
Limelight
is
only
used
as a
noun.
So
you could
not
use
limelight
in
these
examples.
The
teacher
spotlighted
a
period
of
ancient
history
to
his
students.
While
the
owner
of the
company
is
in
town,
it
is
important
to
spotlight
any
problem
that
requires
her
attention.
Now.
Spotlight
and
Limelight
may
have
both
come
from the
theater,
but
we
use
them
everywhere.
The
basketball
player
stole
the
limelight
from
her
teammates
with
her
amazing
three
point
shots.
A
wealthy
businessman
did
not
want
to
be
in the
spotlight
of the
project
and
chose
to
remain
in
the
background.
Situations,
issues
and
problems
can
all
be
spotlighted
or
can
all be
in the
limelight.
Here
are
two
examples.
The
real
estate
agent
made
sure
to
spotlight
the
fact
that
the
house
was
located
in a
safe
neighborhood
with
highly
rated
schools.
On the
campaign
trail.
The
politicians
personal
scandals
were
very
much
in
the
limelight.
To
be
in the
limelight
or the
spotlight
means
that
you
are
the
object
of
public
attention.
As
the
expression
goes,
all
eyes
are
on
you.
You
have
taken
center
stage.
This
is
also
a
theater
term.
In the
theater.
The
center
of the
stage
is
usually
a
place
everyone
can
see.
The
actor
taking
center
stage
is
easy
to
recognize.
However,
that
does
not
mean
that
the
actor
taking
centre
stage
can't
be
upstaged
by
another
actor.
Upstaged
means
to
direct
attention
away
from
something.
People
can
be
upstaged.
For
example,
when
two
people
are
married,
the
bride
is
supposed
to be
in the
limelight.
She
often
wears
a
beautiful
white
gown.
It
would
be
in
very
poor
taste
to
upstage
the
bride
by
wearing
something
white
and
even
more
eye
catching.
No
one
is
supposed
to
upstage
the
bride.
An
issue
can
also
upstage
another.
For
example,
let's
say
the
main
issue
of the
parent
teacher
meeting
was
supposed
to
be
raising
money
for the
school.
But
that
issue
was
upstaged
by
the
discovery
that
the
principal
was
fired.
All
the
parents
wanted
to know
more
about
the
scandal.
So
just
remember,
anything
that
has
been
upstaged
is
no
longer
centre
stage.
It's
no
longer
in the
limelight
or
spotlight.